# Topics 话题
In the previous tutorial we improved our logging system. 
Instead of using a fanout exchange only capable of dummy(虚假的) broadcasting, 
we used a direct one, and gained a possibility of selectively(adv 有选择的) receiving the logs.

Although using the direct exchange improved our system, it still has limitations - it can't do routing based on multiple criteria(条件).

In our logging system we might want to subscribe to not only logs based on severity, 
but also based on the source which emitted the log. 
我们希望订阅的消息不仅仅是基于消息的严重级别，也希望区分发送来源

You might know this concept from the syslog unix tool, which routes logs based on both severity (info/warn/crit...) and 
facility (auth/cron/kern...).

That would give us a lot of flexibility - we may want to listen to just critical errors coming from 'cron' but also all 
logs from 'kern'.


To implement that in our logging system we need to learn about a more complex topic exchange.

# Topic exchange 话题交换机
Messages sent to a topic exchange can't have an arbitrary routing_key - it must be a list of words, delimited by dots. 
发送到话题交换机的消息的routing_key不是任意取得，它必须是点号分隔得单词
The words can be anything, but usually they specify some features connected to the message. 
A few valid routing key examples: "stock.usd.nyse", "nyse.vmw", "quick.orange.rabbit". 
There can be as many words in the routing key as you like, up to the limit of 255 bytes.
routing key的数量上限是255字节

The binding key must also be in the same form. 
The logic behind the topic exchange is similar to a direct one - a message sent with a particular routing key will be 
delivered to all the queues that are bound with a matching binding key. 
However there are two important special cases for binding keys:

- * (star) can substitute for exactly one word.
- # (hash) can substitute for zero or more words.

It's easiest to explain this in an example:
